All right. So like last week
you're going to see a complex
scene and I want you to describe
what you see in the scene and
take about 3 to 5 minutes to do
so. And I'll have a timer just
to keep track of time and I will
share my screen now and I will
make this.
Bigger. And again, you want like
3 to 5 minutes. Yeah. And you
could start when you're ready.
OK, sounds good.
#START_deep_sea_divers All
right. So generally this is a an
underwater scene with a lot of
activities involving Fisher,
like fishermen, mermaids and
other underwater creatures and
marine life.
So the the scene is divided kind
of into thirds, the top third is
all above the water, and the
lower 2/3 are scenes on what's
happening underwater. There's a
caption in the upper left hand
corner that reads the deep sea
divers. The the text there. I
can kind of read it, but it's
blurry because of what's on the
screen right now. So I'll start
with the top third of everything
that's happening above the water
line.
So there's probably about 10 to
a dozen boats, very small
dinghies, on which people are
doing mostly fishing activities.
So some of them are holding
fishing poles and actively
fishing. Some of them are, you
know, kind of talking to each
other. At least one person has a
big fishing net. More than one
person has fishing Nets.
Also in the background there are
large like kind of rock
structures jutting out from
under the from the sea floor up
through the the surface of the
water. And on those rocky areas,
we've got additional fishermen.
One rock is just mermaids.
And.
We've got people swimming in the
water and and just kind of like
generally there's a lot of
activity happening above the
surface, but then when we look
at the lower 2/3 there's even
more stuff going on. You can
barely see the blue water
background because of how much
of the scene is comprised of
just you know people and
mermaids and fish and other
marine creatures. So in this
scene I would say that there's
probably at least 100.
If not like 200
Different people, and a lot of
them are fishermen. They're
wearing like striped swim
trunks, doing lots of activities
with fishing Nets. They're down
there actively swimming around,
I guess trying to catch fish.
There's probably at least a
dozen, if not more, mermaids.
They all look pretty much the
same with green tails. And
they're all white women.
Everyone here is white. There's
no diversity at all, but they're
all blonde.
The the marine creatures are
mostly fish, so we've got just
hundreds of fish around. But
then there's other creatures,
like even larger fish, or
there's like a Marlin or
swordfish, an octopus down the
bottom. And then at the sea
floor we see like a coral and a
big clamshell. There's like a
treasure chest down there and
just other creatures.
So yeah, lots of activities,
lots of crazy things happening
that don't make any sense. Like
there's a cane, just kind of
like floating in the water. But
yeah, so the scene itself is
just underwater chaos.
#END_deep_sea_divers
All right, I'm going to pull up
the next one and I'm going to
stop the timer.
OK.
So next we have.
Another complex scene.
I'm going to share my screen
again.
And I'd like you to do the same
thing. It's a complex scene, so
three to five minutes to
describe what you see.
#START_ancient_rome OK, so here
we have a sort of gladiatorial
circus from.
What looks like ancient Roman
times. There is a caption in the
upper left that says fun and
games in ancient Rome.
written sort of like to look as
if it was on a tablet.
The scene is the interior of
like the circus, like the Circus
Maximus.
And surrounding the the arena
itself, we see bleachers of some
people, you know, looking down
at the scene below.
And what is happening on the
scene below is all sorts of
different fights that are
happening. And I would say that
there's probably close to about
like 80 to 100 of these
different individual battles or
fights going on. Primarily we
see people fighting other
people.
There are some of these men in
uniforms, like they're wearing
helmets and they're holding
Shields and it looks like
they're wearing armor. But then
some of these other people are
wearing barely anything at all.
Like maybe they're barefoot.
They're, they're just wearing
like a loincloth, but otherwise
they're not clothed. So I think
that it's indicating that, you
know, some of these people are
gladiators and some of them may
have just been dragged in off.
Street, like maybe slaves or,
you know, prisoners of war that
were thrown in there, you know,
like they were just unlucky
enough to be thrown in with the
gladiators. There's a couple of
Chariots, these sort of Chariots
that are being drawn by horses.
But because these scenes are
chaotic, there's a couple of,
like, silly things happening.
Like one of the Chariots has a
horse riding the chariot and
it's being pulled by four guys.
Instead of what should be the
other way around, there are a
number of lions also in the
circus. So there's a couple of
scenes where people are fighting
the lions. In some cases they're
people are winning. In most
cases, the Lions are winning. In
one scene, a lion is sitting
down to dinner with a dinner
napkin tied around its neck and
holding up a knife and fork.
While a person sits in like a
dinner plate or a dinner pot
nearby towards the back of the
arena, several lions have
created a lion pyramid and are
trying to escape the arena by
climbing up into the stands. And
it looks like they're they have
seen some success in doing that.
In the upper right hand corner
you see an emperor figure
surrounded by centurions or
gladiators.
And that person is looking on,
though the picture is a little
blurry and I can't really tell,
you know, like what their
reaction is to to watching
everything take place. But
that's the scene. So we've got
lots of lots of fights going on.
Oh, there's some. There's some
cheetahs, I guess as well. So,
Yep, there's animals, humans
fighting each other, and a large
group of spectators looking on.
#END_ancient_rome
OK, perfect. I'll quote the next
one.
OK, next one. We have a short
story, so like last week.
Describe what you see in each
scene and then as you go through
them, tell me when you would
like me to flip through the
slides.
Sure.
And this story is approximately
4 page, 4 slides long.
OK. And I will.
Put it in presenting mode. OK.
OK. So you should begin when
you're ready. Yep. OK. All
right. Ready. #START_arrival_5
So this story is primarily told
in black and white
illustrations, except it's done
in a kind of a sepia tone. In
the first scene we see a city,
you know, part of a city. That's
part, I guess.
Where it, where it meets its
harbor. So we see a boat launch
kind of jutting into the harbor
and a rowboat kind of either,
you know, coming into the boat
launch or maybe just having
launched a couple of empty row
boats or dinghies that have been
stored up on the launch itself,
you know, lying in wait. The
city is comprised of what looks
like a lot of townhouses or
apartment buildings that are
very close into each other. It's
a fantasy kind of a world
because coming up from these
buildings are enormous
structures or statues of what
look like owls. So I mean like
if a building is about 123456 or
7.
Stories tall. That's how tall
these owl structures are. Again.
So like 14 stories.
Above sea level is the tallest
of these owls, so there's one
giant owl in the center, and
it's surrounded by slightly
smaller but still gigantic owls.
And there are birds flying in
the sky all over the place, so
several flocks of birds.
Flying in and perching on the
tops of these large owl statues.
In the next scene, it's a it's
just, it's a series of very
small illustrations. The first
one we see some hands tying a
rope around a very small cat
statue. Then we see a man with
suspenders gesturing towards
something in the background,
while a man wearing a suit and
hat stands in the foreground but
facing away from us. So he's
looking.
at where the man with suspenders
is gesturing.
In the next scene we see a small
boy carrying something in his
arms and he's being followed on
either side by two fantasy
creatures. One is like the snake
mouse creature and another kind
of.
Cat dragon creature.
And in the next scene, the boy
is handing what was in his arms,
which is kind of a basket full
of food, it looks like, to a
woman who's reaching down, and
she appears to be very grateful.
They're both.
Well, she's smiling. It's hard
to know what the boy is doing,
but I think that this is like an
affectionate gesture.
And then we see the next scene
where the man with suspenders is
coming in, and he himself is
also holding a basket of what
looks like food, and he's
reaching in for an affectionate
kiss to the woman. And she has
his her arm around his neck, so
she's pulling him in for a hug
and they kiss each other.
Then we see the man who had been
wearing the suit and hat, except
now he's holding the hat in his
hand as he's being welcomed by
the man with suspenders and the
woman. She,
The man with the hat and the
woman are are shaking hands and
everyone seems delighted, so
they're welcoming him. And in
the next scene she is gesturing
with her arms to, you know,
please come inside. In the next
scene,
We see four hands each holding
drinks. The four the three adult
hands are holding squat like
highball glasses and the smaller
hand from down below is holding
like a water glass. So I think
that the child is not allowed to
be drinking what the adults are
drinking.
And the next scene we see, I
think probably the woman's hands
going through the baskets of
food and pulling out some
creatures that they'll likely be
eating. The scene after that is
cutting. She's using a knife to
to slice the one of the
creatures or vegetables.
It's hard to say into discs.
Or coins.
In the next scene, she's she's
holding the top of what looks
like a teapot and twisting a
button on it or doing something
with this pot.
You know, as part of the food
preparation, and in the last
scene on this page, you know she
is.
Brushing on some kind of a
liquid onto the top of a
presented food. So like there's
something that represents a
Turkey, but obviously not a
Turkey on a platter. And she is.
She is brushing on, probably
some.
You know, like finishing element
to the top of this. Maybe maybe
butter or maybe gravy. It's hard
to say. She's just holding a cup
and and doing a brushing motion
on the top of it.
In the following scene of full
page scene we see the man with
suspenders using a torch that
seems to have come out from
under the table. So he's holding
the torch in one hand and it has
a tube going under the table and
the other, and from the torch
it's a large flame that he's
using.
to roast one of the creatures or
one of the vegetables that he's
holding with tongs with the
other hand. At the at the table,
the woman and the man with the
suit are leaning into each other
and having a conversation. The
boy is more in the foreground,
and we see him reaching down to
the floor and feeding table
scraps to the two creatures.
The following scenes are just
all what's happening at the
table. The first three are each
the suspenders, the woman, the
man with the suit. We see them
each engaged in conversation,
smiling, having a good time. The
three scenes after that are all
music. So man with suspenders is
playing an accordion like.
Instrument with three horns
coming out of it. The woman is
playing some kind of a recorder
or piccolo.
Style instrument. I mean, it
doesn't exist in real life,
it's.
It's an instrument that she's
blowing into and using her
fingers to plug holes.
To produce the music. And then
the boy is also playing an
instrument. It kind of looks
like a cross between a banjo and
a mandolin. It's round like a
banjo, but it's open, more like
a guitar or a mandolin.
And then in the following three
scenes, we see some paper
folding. So this is the man in
the suit. He's brought out some
paper and he starts to make
folds in it. And then in the
next scene, he's holding up a
folded paper creature that looks
very much like the boy's
companion, like the kind of cat
dragon creature. And then we see
the boy holding the cat, dragon
creature and looking at it and
just delighted he's also wearing
the man's hat. So, I mean,
there's a lot of affection
happening here that they're
sharing each other's.
Special things with each other,
then the man with the suspenders
in these last three scenes.
goes and pulls a pot out of one
of the cabinets in the home. And
then the woman and the man both
together present the pot towards
like I guess towards us as the
viewer, but presumably towards
the man in the suit. They're
both holding it in both hands
and and presenting it outwards,
holding it out from themselves
and towards us or towards the
man in the hat. And then in the
final scene we see just an up
close picture of the man.
with the suspenders holding this
is pot and it does not look like
a special pot. It just looks
like a normal kind of clay pot
the size of, you know, two hands
held together.
And the next scene we see a
close up of the pot, it's just
sitting on a table or a counter.
Then we get a sort of pulled
away view and we see that the it
is a pot sitting on a counter.
And then from there we pull out
even more and we see a mirror
view or a through the window
view of the pot sitting on the
counter. In the next three
scenes. In the next 6 scenes I
would say we see the man waking
up. This would have been the man
in the suit, but now he's not
wearing his suit, he's just
wearing a sort of an undershirt
and whatever he slept in.
And first we see him kind of
like under the covers, waking
up, rubbing his eyes. And the
next scene he's sitting up a
little bit more and his mouse
snake creature comes to to greet
him and then he's he's petting
that creature.
In the next few scenes, he's
getting ready. He's he's
buttoning up his shirt in the
first scene, and now he's
cutting up some kind of like
creature vegetable to have for
for breakfast.
In the next scene, he's reaching
down and feeding some of the
scraps from his meal to his his
his pet companion.
Then we see him donning his
jacket. He's
He's already dressed in his
button down shirt and his
waistcoat. Now he's putting his
jacket on. Then he's looking
downwards and we see the snake
creature holding a hat in his
mouth upwards. Like here you go,
here's your hat.
And in the next scene we we see
a city scene, like a busy street
scene with lots of people
around. We don't really get to
see any details. Every
everything is backlit, so we
really only see the silhouettes
of the people. There's some
banners hanging above everyone's
heads, but mostly it's just kind
of people walking around. Most
everyone is dressed to be
outdoors, lots of people wearing
hats.
And at least two or three that
we can see who have animal
companions nearby, including our
friend, the man with the hat.
In the next few scenes, we just
see activities of like what's
going on around the town. In the
first scene there are men who
are at work, they're hoisting
something with long
Sticks or large, you know, large
canes maybe doing work in a
factory. We see some some
chimneys behind them or some
silos with smoke coming out of
them. In the scene after that we
see a man with a big wide
brimmed hat feeding some
creatures like that look like a
cross between fish and birds who
are coming up to, you know,
expect food to be
Delivered to them from the man
with a big basket. In the scene
after that, it's kind of cut
off, but it looks like a
transaction that takes place at
a store. A woman is exchanging
money. It looks like we can't
really see what they're
exchanging, but.
They're passing something along.
Over top of a counter where
there's some items there.
In the next scene, this might be
like a street artisan is working
on something. It's it's just
kind of like a round disk, but
it looks like it has some
intricate carvings or intricate
design work done on it with
geometric patterns with
something similar to that in the
background, like a rug maybe.
In the scene after that, we've
seen a man up on a ladder and
he's reaching down with like a a
stick or a paintbrush and it
looks like he's making some
designs onto a wall, but like
they're just large sweeping
motions. Doesn't seem obvious
what he's painting.
And in the final scene on this
page, there's a woman who looks
like she's working on a
workbench, but it's a portable
workbench, like there's, you
know, it's on wheels. So it's
like she's she just moves around
town doing the kind of work that
she needs to do.
In the following page, there's
like 3-4, there's four larger
scenes. The man with the hat has
gone up to a person who looks
like, you know, he's maybe a
Baker or something. He's wearing
an apron, a chef's hat, pointed
chefs hat. He's holding a bowl.
The man with the hat is
gesturing with his hand and
holding his hat in the other. It
looks like he's making a
beseeching sort of like plea and
the.
Man who's wearing the chef's
uniform is holding up his hand
and and looks like he has to
decline whatever the man with
the hat is trying to ask for. In
the next scene we see him, the
man with the hat.
In a boiler room of some kind,
leaning down to speak with a
mechanic, the mechanic is
crouched down trying to fix some
kind of machinery. You know,
he's wearing work gloves. He has
A wrench in his hand. His animal
companion holds a wrench in its
mouth, and once again the
mechanic is holding up a hand,
declining the man with the
hat's.
ask. At this point, I'm going to
ask I'm I'm guessing the man
with the hat needs a job and
he's going from place to place
to ask for work.
In the third scene, he's at the
interior of like an apothecary
or some other kind of shop that
would have lots of small bottles
and jars on shelving, and the
woman is standing at the counter
with all that stuff behind her
and she's all holding up two
hands.
With a look on her face also
saying, you know, like no.
Unfortunately, whatever it is
you're asking, the answer is no.
And in the final scene on this
page, it looks like the man is
at the airship yard. There's
lots of activities and work
going on, sweeping, moving
things, taking care of the
airship on platforms, on a
pulley system. And once again,
you know, he has his hands up
and the man he's talking with
holds up one hand once again,
probably in a, you know, sorry,
the answer is no gesture.
#END_arrival_5
OK, I'm going to pull up our
next.
One. OK, next we have another
complex scene.
OK, I'm going to share my screen
with the complex scene.
OK.
And.
OK, so just take 3 to 5 minutes
to describe what you see here.
#START_picture_this So this is a
very involved and um.
Really.
Just like complicated picture of
a lot of pictures. So pictures
and frames sort of just
scattered around this scene,
overlapping each other here and
there. The caption on this one
reads picture this in, on the
upper left hand corner. So the
entire scene is comprised of
just images and scenes and
people in picture frames, but
for two things. There's like a
bird.
That's on the left hand side,
that's not. It's actually just a
bird, not inside of a frame. And
there is a man in the bottom
right hand corner of this scene
who's also not framed in
anything.
Scanning what's happening in all
of these scenes, there does not
seem to be any connected theme
or rhyme or reason to any of
these images. I mean it is just
pure random images. So just a
couple of examples. Starting
from the middle and going
outwards, there's a scene where
a skier had, I guess rolled down
a hill and is now.
has it's his head and limbs
sticking out of a giant
snowball. There's a scene where
somebody had been cloncked on
the head with a giant playing
card. It looks like we can tell
he was cloncked on the head
because he's got like the star
circle dancing around the top of
his head.
A little bit north of there.
Ohh. Waldo is very close to that
guy, by the way.
Going up the page from there,
there's like a giant whose head
is coming out of a thatched roof
cottage. It's kind of like a
waddle and beam cottage with a
thatched roof, and the Giants
head is just coming from the top
of it.
Next to that is just a woman,
just who, just standing there
with her arms crossed. It's
possible she's standing next to
a man, but that's like on the
seam of the page. It's kind of
hard to know.
Umm.
A couple more scenes. As an
example, there is a.
There's a man leaning on a palm
tree, except that the palm tree
is bent like where he's leaning
his hand as if he was so strong
he bent the palm tree. And then
these dates maybe are falling
out of the palm tree towards
somebody that was standing
nearby who looks pretty
distressed about it.
Towards the bottom left there's
a guy who just is being dragged
while he's holding on to a leash
by a dog that's just running at
an incredibly fast speed. The
guys hat has flown off of his
head.
I don't know. There's no other
general way to describe all the
scenes that are happening. Like
I said, there's no rhyme or
reason. It's just really silly
scenes happening in about maybe
I would say 2 to 300 of these
photos. #END_picture_this
OK, perfect. Let's see what we
have next.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
Let me pull it out.
OK, I'm going to share my
screen. Same thing as before.
And I'll make it bigger, OK?
OK.
#START_by_the_lake OK, so in
this scene which is called by
the lake, according to the
caption, it is a, it's a, it's a
lakeside scene somewhere in a
part of the country that would
have snow capped mountains and
you know like a castle and a
chalet style cottages nearby. So
you know, you're thinking like
maybe Switzerland or Austria or
someplace like that.
In the foreground we see a beach
scene happening with like, white
sand and sandcastles. So maybe
not Switzerland, maybe not
Austria, you know, because you
don't really see these kinds of
like, white sand beaches in that
part of the world. Or, I don't
know, maybe you do.
And then in the middle of the
scene you've got people who are
in the water and doing all sorts
of water activities. And then
towards the back we see
snowcapped mountains. We see a
castle on the left hand side,
like a medieval style castle
with turrets and pointed
rooftops. You know, and and then
like a beach. Well, like a
mountainside cabin, kind of like
on the right hand side, which is
actually more American than
European. OK. So on the beach.
Scene down below, the kinds of
activities happening amongst
the, you know, 80 or so people
down here are beach volleyball
that's happening towards the
left. There's some sunbathers,
somebody is standing knee deep
in the water holding a fishing
net. There's an umbrella set up
with a cooler nearby and people
just kind of hanging out and
lounging around. A couple is
walking down the beach holding
hands. Down below somebody is
flying a multi colored.
kite, like a
Diamond shaped kite. There's a a
dingy nearby in front of which
is a guy playing the guitar and
some people sitting around
listening to the music he's
playing. On the right hand side
there's some more just
sunbathing and people with
coolers and umbrellas. A couple
of people are building a giant
sandcastle, so it's mostly
children with one adult looking
on.
And then if we look a little
further up, we see all the
activities happening in the
water. So there's a dog playing
with somebody wearing a bathing
suit in the water. There's
probably about, I don't know,
another 40 people in the water.
Some are just swimming, some are
in kayaks, some are in inner
tubes just floating around.
There's a small group of people
playing with a beach ball, a
couple of others on a banana
boat, I think.
Banana shaped blow up boat with
a pontoon maybe on one side, 3
people or so on a jet ski and
then.
Probably about 10 or so people
all.
Crowded in together on a
platform. I don't know if that's
called a pontoon or not, but
it's one of those like floating
platforms that you can climb up
on. It's got a ladder on one
side and one person's climbing
up the ladder and a couple
people are jumping off on the
background.
And then in the background we
see a water ski formation team
that's formed a pyramid. So like
the bottom 45678910 people are
all on water skis and then on
their shoulders is another
layer, so 12345 layers tall and
you know the person at the top
is holding their hand up
triumphantly.
And yeah, and then finally in
the background, we've got people
who are on, you know, like doing
some some parasailing.
So yeah, that's what's happening
here. Just lots of seaside
activities or lakeside
activities. #END_by_the_lake OK,
perfect. Let me see what we have
next.
OK, next we have a short story.
We pull it up.
OK, this one.
All right, this one is about 26.
I'm going to.
Put it in oh wait, I have to
share my screen and then I'll
put it in slideshow mode.
Umm.
OK.
You could start when you're
ready.
#START_quest OK, so in this
scene we are looking at a rainy
city scene, probably from it's
Central Park area, but we can
see the Gray silhouette of some
tall skyscrapers in the
background. The scene we're
looking at has a park bench and
a street light to one side, and
the main part of the scene is
actually a sort of a pedestrian
walkway or a bridge under which.
are two boys, and one of them is
kind of holding what looks to be
like a red crayon, and the other
one is holding a purple crayon,
and he's reaching out and just
kind of like feeling the rain
with one hand. So they're
trapped under this bridge.
Nearby is a bicycle. The front
tire is purple and the back tire
is red. The things that are
brightest in this scene, because
everything has a sort of
monotone sepia tone, but the the
actual colors.
And really only the purple and
the red and there's a sort of
like highlighted area.
Of this door that's underneath
the bridge.
In the next scene we see an a
King emerging from the doorway
and he is holding a orange
crayon in one hand and I think
he's gesturing with a finger to
his lips like a sort of like be
quiet kind of a thing. As he
comes out of the doorway and
holds up a piece of paper for
the two boys to look at, the
boys jump back, I think in
surprise to see him. The paper
that he's holding has a ring
with.
246 colored dots on it. There
was a purple bird that was
perched on one of the boy's
shoulders and the purple bird is
now alight, you know and and
just kind of like flying nearby
but also looking down at the
sheet of paper.
In the next scene we see the
king, you know, speaking with
the two boys. One of the boys is
now holding the sheet of paper
and then we see some guards
coming out of the doorway and
grabbing the king and pulling
him back through. The king loses
the his grip on the Orange
Crayon and lets it go and it
flies up in the air and then the
guards escort him through the
doorway. He tries to reach back
out but.
It's too late. The guards are
taking him back in, the orange
crayon is on the ground and the
two boys are just looking on at
this scene helplessly.
In the next scene, the doorway
is now closed. We get a better
view of what the entire doorway
looks like. It's like a it's a
pair of doors that kind of meet
up in an arch, but the rest of
the archway is decorated with a
squid and some scenes that look
like some some people
interacting, like a person on
one side and possibly a mermaid
creature on the other side. The
boys are outside.
The doorway. One of them is
holding up his own purple
Crayon, and the boy who had the
red crayon is now putting the
orange crayon that he picked up
from the ground into a into a
like a belt that he's wearing
around his chest.
All right. In the next scene,
that's like told in three
different images. We've got the
boys now using their crayons to
draw on the wall and on the
floor. So they're drawing like
circle shapes with lines coming
out of them. In the next scene,
we see that they're actually
keys, that they each drew a
different style of key. So now
we have a red key and a purple
key that they're holding up and
comparing them to each other.
And then in the final scene we
see them running through the
doorway. The Red Key was used on
the left side, the Purple Key
was used on the right side, and
they're running through the
doorway and the bird is flying
in after them.
In this next scene we get a full
on view of what's happening to
this particular like fantasy.
Castle. So it's a view from from
the moat. So we we kind of see
that there's mountains in the
background, that there's
airships on the left hand side
in the air. The castle itself
looks like it's in trouble.
There's fires happening on some
of the turrets, the.
The the building itself is
comprised of all of these like
kind of turreted and tower areas
and most of them are all on
fire. Down on the bottom right,
we see like this is still part
of the Moat of the castle, but
we see a a steamship or some
kind of a paddle boat going
under one of the aqueducts, or
one under one of the bridges and
it's the king is at the aft of
the boat.
Sort of like above the paddle
area and he's being guarded. One
of the guards is holding a spear
at the King's back. There's a
couple of other guards nearby
and they're heading away from
the scene under the bridge and
off the page on the right hand
side. The two boys are watching
all of this happen. They're
perched on a rock on the lower
left hand side of the page. We
see the doorway from which they
entered.
That's kind of behind a
waterfall. So kind of like I
guess a secret area that they
emerged from and this is this is
like they're looking at all of
this happen.
OK, so still behind their rock,
unseen, the boys are now
referring to the page that they
got from the king. And one boy
is pointing at the page, the
other boy is just kind of like
holding it and looking on in the
background we see just a
different angle of the same
castle. You know, still on fire,
the king on the boat still
heading off towards some kind of
just off into the distance.
In the next scene, we get a
close-up view of what is on this
sheet of paper, and it is a
series of circles that are
connected by different lines.
Starting in the bottom right
hand of the scene, there's like
a purple circle with a palm tree
in it that's connected by a
purple line to a red circle
that's got some kind of like an
entranceway.
I think it's like a tree with a
door in it with lanterns on
either side. The Red Circle is
connected by both by a purple
circle and now also a red line.
Sorry, a purple line and a red
line to an orange circle that's
got a city in it. And so on and
so forth like every new.
Colored circle is connected by a
new line of that color and it
progresses from Orange circle to
yellow circle to green circle to
blue circle, so that the blue
and the purple are finally
connected by all the colors of
the rainbow.
So the orange circle has like a
city, then the yellow circle has
an underwater like a temple, and
then after that it looks like an
a
Bridge that connected to a tower
in the sky and then finally the
blue circle is a mountain. So
this gives the impression that
you know this is this, this is
the order of the adventures that
they have to go on. Behind all
of these circles is a hand drawn
map, so presumably the circles
are also indicating where in
this world these places are.
All right, so now we get a view
of the kids behind the rock once
again, and the.
Across part of the Moat we see
some people in boats. One of the
boats has a guy with a horned.
Helmet, and he's next to a guard
that's holding like a a golden
bird cage of some kind.
And you get the impression that
the kids have been spotted. I
think that the guy with the
horned helmet is pointing
towards the rock where the kids
are hiding behind it, and the
other guards are also facing
that same rock. So in the next
scene, which is told in three
parts, we see the boys holding
their crayons up to each other,
and then they're facing away
from each other, using those
crayons to draw some things,
like the kid with the red crayon
is drawing.
I think a diving helmet and some
fins and an air tank and the boy
with the purple crayon is
drawing some tentacles. And then
finally you see them.
Go into the water so you see
their fins coming up from below.
OK, so they worked together. The
boy with the Purple Gran Crayon
drew a creature, so he drew like
a giant squid, and the kid with
the red crayon drew for both of
them.
Swimming fins and diving helmets
and air tanks.
And even the bird, even the
purple bird has like a diving
helmet I guess. So the squid is
taking them far below the
surface of the water and we see
like an underwater temple in
this area that's kind of like
just surrounded by.
Aqueducts and um, you know, we
see a shark swimming, we see a
couple of other fish swimming,
but there's this glow emanating
from the temple, so there's
definitely something happening
there.
So we see the boys enter the
temple area. There is a kind of
a shrine in the middle of the
temple of this, like statue of
seahorses with some kind of like
a shell at the top of it, like
it's a place to make an offering
of some kind. There's seaweed
and there's coral nearby.
It's hard to see because of the
screen, but I think that there's
like a drawing at the base of
like where the statue stands and
it looks as if it's a drawing of
like the king and maybe the boys
doing something. It's hard to
see the details.
The boys are now swimming.
On either side of the seahorse
statue, and one of them is
reaching kind of into it with
the orange crayon. Or no, this
is a yellow crayon, so it's kind
of like.
I guess that's maybe this is
where they found the yellow
crayon.
And then then they have to swim
away.
So now they are merging onto an
island and they're racing
towards a Grove of palm trees.
One is like reaching back to
help the other come out of the
water, and the next scene the
boy with the purple crayon is
drawing a big humped something
with the red crayon drawing
maybe some kind of a saddle on
top of it.
I think I figured out. The kid
with the purple crayon can only
draw like creatures, whereas the
kid with the red crayon draws
things.
OK, Yep, so.
All right. So now we see an
overview of this jungle scene
with like an A couple of like
Aztec style temples in the
background. The kids are on the
back of a rhinoceros that's
traveling down a trail. We kind
of see them from a distance. The
rhinoceros is purple and they're
riding in some kind of like a
sedan, I guess, like a saddle
with a.
Covering.
That's red that the kid with the
red crayon drew. So the
rhinoceros is traveling down a
path towards the these Aztec
temples and in the background we
see that connected to a Cliff.
Way in the background is this
drawstring bridge or this rope
bridge that's connected to this
tower that's kind of like in the
middle of the water. And we see
this beacon of light sort of
yellow light coming from the top
of that tower.
OK, so now we actually get an
overview or like.
General view of that bridge
that's stems from one end of
page one and goes to the other
end of page 2.
And it's a real rickety looking,
unreliable looking rope bridge.
The kids are crossing the
bridge, the bird is flying
overhead and they are on their
way towards the top of the tower
that's the other side of the
bridge is connected to.
At the top of the tower is
another.
You know is another sort of like
statue or or a place like where
an offering can be made.
And it's, it's glowing yellow,
but one of the boys' head's is
kind of like covering it, so
it's hard to see what's actually
there. They're looking down
below at the rope bridge because
now the guards are down there
and on their way over to where
the boys are. And so, you know,
you get the impression that
whatever they're doing, they're
going to have to act quickly.
And in the next scene they're
drawing again. So the boy with
the red crayon is drawing some
kind of like a.
Board and the purple crayon got
kid is drawing some elongated
Oval shapes, thinner at one end
than on the other.
Possibly wings. Yep, dragonfly
wings. OK, so now the kids are
on the board, which turned out
to be the seat of a swing
connected to a giant dragonfly
which is taking them away.
It looks as if the kid that's
wearing the um.
The holster now has like a green
crayon in there.
And they're escaping just in
time as the guards are trying to
reach up and grab their feet.
And they're heading towards the
snowcapped mountains in the
background.
The dragonfly deposits them at
the top of yet another temple.
This kind of looks like it's
been inspired by a Buddhist
temple. There's a statue of a
man sitting cross legged, eyes
closed, with a sash around one
arm, and he's wearing a.
He's he's wearing some kind of
like a helmet or a hat, and the
temple has these lanterns built
into them.
The top of the temple is this
conical shaped.
Piece of stone. It's like I
don't know the the top of what
looks like a Faberge egg.
The the kid with the holster of
all of the different colored
crayons is now taking it and
holding it upright like he's
going to be doing something.
With the conical shape part of
the top of this temple.
However, it looks like before
any of that could actually
happen, there's now a couple of
airships that have been dropped
in, and the guy with the horned
helmet is on one of them and is
reaching towards the bird, and
the other guard is on the other
airship and he's reaching
towards the bird holding the
golden cage. The bird looks like
it's holding the holster with
all of the colored crayons in
it.
So, um, so that's happening on
one page. On the other page is
just additional airships to give
the impression that the kids are
kind of just surrounded at this
point.
And as the bird flies away, back
towards the city with the
castles, with the castle in it,
there is a rainbow emerging from
the band of colored crayons from
like that the bird is carrying
in its feet.
The rainbow arcs from this
holster all the way back towards
where this temple is, and it's
shining brightly. The kids, the
the one whose face we can see is
lit up in a smile. We can't see
with the other kid because he's
facing away from us, but we can
see that the reaction from the
guards is that they are not
happy. The guy with the horned
helmet is raising his fist up in
defeat.
You know, shaking his arm in
defiance, the other airships
look like they've actually kind
of like, lost their.
Ability to fly upright, and some
of the guards are falling off of
the airship. They've been turned
sideways, so they may actually
just be falling, like falling
towards the ground.
Umm.
OK, so in this next scene we get
a view from the city. The Moat
still has the ship on it that's
carrying the king away from the
city. Except that in the
distance we can see the snow
topped mountain with the with
the temple on it. In the
distance we can see the start of
an arc of a rainbow coming up
from the temple into the air.
And then we lose, you know, like
on the top of that arc, because
it goes off the page entirely,
but it actually comes back down.
The rainbow ends its arc on the
ship itself that's carrying the
king, and the king has risen his
hands in triumph as he's looking
away towards the mountain from
which the rainbow.
Originated and I think that the
ship was carrying additional
prisoners who have also raised
their hands in triumph as the
guards are falling off of the
ship. The bird is nearby, so the
the bird is still holding the
the belt of colors and it's
feet. And so you got I guess the
idea that the bird flew, as the
bird flew, the rainbow followed
it, some of the bird flew.
Towards this boat in order to, I
don't (know), bring the rainbow
magic.
And now we get a view of a
different part of the Kingdom.
You know, we see all the parts
of the castles in the background
and part of the aqueduct we see
in the foreground with, you
know, people kind of like on
boats or just kind of like
walking through the water.
I think the the rainbow appears
in the background, arching over
the sky. You know, everything is
sort of dancing with colors at
this point. Before everything
was had that kind of sepia
monotone, but here everything
has vibrant colors. The people
that we can see look like
they're happy. We see the two
kids.
Riding on the back of their
rhinoceros, still in that red
sedan, the king is in front of
them, waving to his people. The
rhinoceros itself is on the back
of that same paddle boat.
And they're just making their
way down one of these aqueducts,
kind of waving it with triumph
to all of the people of this
city.
At the end of the scene we see
that the boat has arrived back
at that rock where the kids had
been.
Had used for cover when they
first entered this Kingdom. The
King is helping them off of the
back of the rhinoceros and down
towards the rock once again. And
then in the background we still
see, you know, like this, the
city, the rainbow, even this,
even the rock from which the
waterfall is is coming up above
like now has flowers and plants
on it, whereas before I don't
think it did.
The next scene told in three
parts is the King using his
orange crayon to Draw Something
up on the wall, something like
pointed. And then, oh he in the
next scene is reaching down and
putting a crown on one of the
boys. And in the final scene
both boys who now have crowns
are leaving through the doorway
and the king is holding his
hands, both of them pressed
together towards his lips in a
gesture of thanks.
As the boys waved goodbye as
they walk through the doorway.
Finally, we see the city scene
once again. From the view of
being in the doorway. We see the
backs of both boys looking
towards the city, which now once
again has all of these more
vibrant colors, whereas before
it was more sepia and monotone.
So we see the cityscape, we see
some skyscrapers, and we also
see this rainbow, which is like
arching over the city, and the
same arc follows the arc of the
bridge that they're under. So it
creates this centralized focal
point on the boys in the middle
of this scene. #END_quest
And that's it.
Sorry, you were muted.
Sorry. OK. So we have a short
story next. We're almost through
with our stimuli, so that's
good. I'm just trying to make
sure I could fit it in.
OK, so this.
Short story is going to be 5
slides. Same thing as before.
Let me know when you would like
me to move on.
And I'll do so. OK, alright,
sounds good. #START_arrival_1
Alright, so this scene is broken
into.
9, 9 different parts.
In this first scene, we see.
A view of a picture frame and
like, there's a it's a family
portrait. There's a mother and a
father and a child wearing some
kind of like a white dress
sitting in front of them.
Everything here is black and
white, sort of with a sort of
sepia tone. Then we see a hand.
Picking the picture frame up
from its ledge.
And then next we see it being
placed inside of a sack or
something. We're only seeing the
hands, we're not seeing who's
doing this.
After that we see that it's not
quite a sack. It was more of a
wrapping like it's it was
wrapped in either paper or some
kind of a fabric or piece of
cloth and then the person is
securing it with twine or yarn
or string.
Wrapped around both with.
Lengthwise and widthwise, you
know, wrapped both ways and they
were tying up a bow on the top.
Then we see the hands taking the
package, but we don't really see
what's happening. And then we
see the hands on top of a a
briefcase. So presumably it went
inside of a suitcase or a
briefcase.
And then we see the hands
clasping the sides of the case.
So this case has a belt around
the side of it, and they're
tightening it up. And now they
have one hand laid across the
top of the suitcase, and then
there's another hand.
I guess that's the same person.
So they've laid both of their
hands on top of the belt. It's
kind of a gesture of like, you
know, it's secure now.
The next scene, also told in
nine parts, is just objects at
first. So first it's an it's a
paper bird that's just perched
on a countertop.
Next it's an old fashioned
mantle clock, like a wind up
clock.
Next it's a hat hanging on a
hook with a piece of fabric
nearby.
Next it's a pot with its lid on,
but ajar, with a wooden spoon
lying on the cabinet nearby.
Next we have a child's drawing
of of family. It's got father
with a hat, mother wearing a
triangle dress.
And then a child between them
holding hands with both of them.
Next we've got a teapot with
Steam coming out of its spout
and the teapot's cracked down
one side. Next we've got a
couple of tea in a Tea Cup
sitting on a saucer. I think
there's steam coming out of the
the the teacup, and in front of
that, lying nearby, are pictures
of something like or pamphlets,
but one of them is actually of
an old fashioned.
Steamship with smoke coming out
of its chimneys.
Next we have.
Piece of luggage like this would
be. Well no, it's it's not like
a steam truck, a steamship, like
a steamer, you know what I mean?
Like a like a chest created for
long steamship journeys. I think
that this is just a normal
suitcase packed, packed with
some items of clothing or
something. And then finally
we've got a close up picture of
the family. I think this is
probably a close up of the
family photo from before or.
Family picture from before. So
we see the man and the woman and
the child in front.
In this next scene, which takes
up a whole page, we see a woman
and a man at.
The dining room table or kitchen
table and they both have their
hands on the the trunk, so.
So it was two different hands.
So they're both looking, they
they both look very unhappy.
And um.
Yeah, I mean there's the the
teapot is there. 2, 2 cups of
tea are there.
You know, there had been a child
I from what I remember from
before, but that child's not in
this scene.
So yeah, the the time on the
clock is 10 after 10.
I'll know it in case it makes a
difference later.
OK, well, there's the kid. OK,
so in this series of 12 small
images, we see the head of a
child underneath some blankets,
and we see a little bit more of
her face as she's coming out
from under her blanket.
Then she's setting up and
yawning and rubbing one of her
eyes.
Next we see that she's seated at
a table. She's holding a bowl in
front of her using a spoon.
She's kind of like not looking
at her food. She's looking at
something off to her right.
And now she's looking at
something down to her left. And
in that scene we just see the
suitcase. So I think that's
probably what she was looking
at. Then we see the father
putting his hat on, the mother
putting a scarf around her head,
and then we see the child.
We see hands helping the child
put on a jacket, so maybe you
know one of the parents is
helping as the child reaches up
to put a hat on her head.
In the next scene we see her
putting her boots on and then in
the scene after that she's
holding the suitcase up and
looking upwards. And in the last
scene on this page, we see, we
see the father from the
perspective of someone who's
like down at his knee level. So
it's like we're looking up at
him. So we're getting her like
the child's perspective and he's
reaching down so as of to take.
The suitcase from the child.
In the next scene we see the
exterior of the building, I
guess from which they emerged.
This is like where their home
is. So we see the doorway with
the steps leading up to this
this building. I mean look, it
looks pretty Spartan. The shadow
that's that appears on the side
of this building looks like it
came from an enormous creature
with a long dragon like tail.
And we see them walking away
from their home with the father
holding the suitcase.
The child in between both
parents and they're very much
dressed for weather or for like
a long journey.
The next scene is the child who
I I think is looking sad. The
pixels of the screen is making
it hard to see her eyes, but
she's kind of looking upwards
and then she's looking down and
then she's looking to the side.
And in the next larger scene, we
see that we get this view of a
train station and there's an
old-fashioned locomotive that's
coming towards us, the viewers.
And I don't know that we see
this. Oh, I think that this
family is actually in the middle
of the scene. There's a father
with a suitcase and a mother and
a child in the middle. It's hard
to see because they're all
silhouetted. Everyone in the
scene is just a silhouette,
really.
And then,
The last three scenes on this
page is the child looking up and
the father's hand is on the
child's shoulder as she looks up
and.
And then after that we see that
he takes his hat off and he's
bending forward and on his head
that had been, under his hat is
a paper bird. And then he hands
that paper bird to her. In the
final scene on this page that we
just see that his hand and her
hand and the paper bird being
held by both of them at the same
time. Finally on this, the next
page, we see the father.
You know, leaning down, putting
his arm gently around the girl
as she's holding the paper bird.
And then he come, like he
reaches in for, you know, like a
big embrace to the child. And
then the child is looking up at
him, holding the paper bird with
a an expression that's kind of
hard to read, I think from.
You know, from the media that we
have here on the screen, but I I
think that she's looking sad.
The next scenes are of the woman
with the headscarf, who is
incredibly sad. She's holding up
a a handkerchief to her eyes and
she's crying, and now she's
reaching in for a hug to the man
with the hat and holding him
with both arms. And then he
holds. He holds her cheek with
one of his hands as he reaches
in, I think maybe to give her a
kiss on the side of her cheek.
And now he boards the train. So
we see him stepping up onto the
train car, and then we see his
hand with both the woman and the
child holding onto his hand. And
then in the next scene we see
them have to let go. So we see
all their hands again, just
they're all disconnected at this
point. And then the final three
scenes on that page are just the
train traveling away off into
the distance.
The next scene we see the
picture of the family.
We got an up close shot of the
picture, then as we back out we
see that the picture is.
On a ledge.
You know with some the wall
behind it is riveted. And then
we see him eating some soup,
he's holding a bowl and a spoon.
And then as we back out further
we see that he is sitting, he's
eating his dinner and he's
looking at the picture of his
family. As we pull out more we
see that it's riveted because I
think he is in a ship. We we get
a porthole view of him with
rivets around the outside of
this round porthole. We see him
in the center and as we continue
to pull away from this scene.
And get a sort of more distant
view.
That we see that it's a porthole
of many that are on the side of
this steamship or ocean liner
that's traveling just OK.
#END_arrival_1
Sorry, you're still needed.
You were muted that whole time,
but if you want, I can just. Oh
yeah, I was saying, next we have
another story I think you could
see. Yeah, I got it.
#START_journey All right, so, so
in this scene we've got like a
sepia town or village. There's
a, you know, there's a couple of
old fashioned town homes that we
can see in the foreground are,
you know, brownstones and in the
background we see some
skyscrapers.
Notably, the only colors really
that go beyond the sepia tones
are the the crayon that's being
held by one child near a
mailbox, and it's a purple
crayon, and then one scooter
that's red that's near the stoop
where another kid is sitting.
The street light also has two
red symbols that are being
shown.
And to the right we got a cross
section of an apartment
building, so we only see the
four rooms of this apartment.
We have an entranceway.
That you would enter when you
came up the stoop. To the right
of that is a kitchen, and
there's a woman who is standing
in front of a stove. We only see
her back, but she's holding a
spoon and she's stirring
something in the in a in a pan
on top of the stove top. Above
that is a sitting room, and I
think we see a kid who's holding
up a device like he's holding
something up at about eye level,
and it looks as if there's white
light coming out of it.
And then to the left of that, or
in other words, like directly
above the front entrance way is
a study or a library and we see
a man sitting at a computer with
bookcases behind him. So yeah,
that is that is the scene that's
happening here.
OK, so in the next scene, told
in three parts, we've got the
woman who's cooking something on
the stove and she's using an old
fashioned corded phone so she
has the the phone receiver
tucked under one of her
shoulders as she's.
Continues to cook something on
the stove top. We see the kid
who has the red scooter over
near part of the kitchen
counter. His scooter is nearby.
It's just kind of like leaning
up against the kitchen drawers.
Next we see the boy, who's now
dragging a red kite behind him,
coming up behind his dad's
office chair. His dad is
immersed, has his full attention
on whatever the computer screen
is, while the boy looks on from
behind.
And then we see the boy kind of
come up behind the couch where I
think his sister, maybe older
sister, is, you know, like
taking up most of the couch just
by kind of lounging on it and
she's holding something up to
her face. All of these scenes
would tend to apply that this is
like the late 80s, so I don't
think it would be a cell phone,
but I'm not sure what it would
be.
Umm.
And so then finally, the next
scene is we see the boy in his
room and he's just sitting on
his bed. There is no color at
all in this room, so he's just
on his bed. There's a hot air
balloon in mobile hanging from
the ceiling. A cat is sleeping
on the floor. But otherwise,
like there is really nothing
happening in this bedroom.
In the next scene, it's still
the bedroom scene. He's looking
down and he sees a red crayon,
so that was not there before,
but also we now see the cat
leaving the room. So I think
maybe the cat was sleeping on
the red Crayon.
So he looks down on it.
And then in the next scene, told
in three parts, is we see the
boy crouched down reaching for
the red crayon. Next we see him
using the red crayon to draw an
archway on the wall, and then
finally we see him exiting the
room through a doorway that he
just created. Next we've got a
forest scene. He emerges from
the base of one of these trees
through the doorway that has the
arched red door that he drew.
The the forest is mostly green,
mostly green hues. There are
blue lamps like old style
Chinese lamps, kind of like
hanging from from the treetops,
and there are stringed lights
also connecting some of the
trees to give this whole place a
sort of enchanted feel. And
there's a stream running through
the forest.
He goes to um.
He goes to like the dock that
kind of juts into the stream a
little bit, and he's standing on
the edge of it and he's looking
down into the stream and he's
still holding the red crayon, so
you kind of see his reflection a
little bit.
In the next scene, again it's
sort of done in three parts.
First he reaches down and he
draws like an ark with his red
crayon. Next he finishes up the
drawing a little bit more, so
you can see that he's started to
draw a boat, and then in the
final scene he is in the boat
that he drew. Now it's entirely
finished and he is. He starts to
travel down the stream inside
the boat.
Next, the stream.
That he's on emerge sort of like
comes out to this.
Large city. We've seen this a
couple of times, having done
this story a few Times now, but
it's the we we see a bird's eye
view of this fantasy city, many
like turreted areas. We see some
domed towers. Everything is done
in sort of muted green, Gray
colors. The domes themselves,
though, are gold.
And the boy who's in the red
boat is approaching the city
through one of the channels that
leads into the city, across the
Moat and into.
The the city streams system. As
he arrives, he's being greeted
by some of the guards. This is
obviously not his first time
into the city. There's a lock
structure that makes it so that
when he enters parts of this
aqueduct city it it's evident
that you know the boat itself
has to raise from one level to
another. So it's like a lock
and.
What's it called? Well, I'm
forgetting exactly the term, but
they have them in canals, like
in Europe. Anyway. So he enters
this lock system and you know
he's being greeted by everyone
nearby. In the distance we can
just like the the tops of some
of the other aqueducts leading
through the city.
In this next scene, the boy is
at the top of one of the
aqueducts, which just kind of
actually ends, and his boat is
about to go down this waterfall.
So he's looking over the, the,
the aft, the stern of the boat,
and he's looking down and as as
he's falling. I think that in
this next scene, which just has
a white background, it looks
like he's falling through the
air, but in doing so he also is
drawing a large circle with his
red crayon.
And this next scene is seen from
the air and we see the top of
one of the towers nearby. And
the kid is now in a a red hot
air balloon. So he's in the
basket and he's weighing, waving
down to some of the guards below
who are at the top of one of
these towers. And he seems
totally fine. In the background
there are a couple of airships,
one of them is particularly
large. It looks like a, you
know, just kind of a large
paddle boat.
With elements of airships in it,
but it's very clearly up in the
clouds with some of the other
more traditional looking
airships.
As he is looking down below, he
sees one of the airships with
the guard with the horned hat or
the horned helmet and.
On the ship with him is the
golden cage and a couple of
other guards. Two of them are
holding the feet of a third
guard who has a net in one hand,
and he is reaching over the
airship itself, sort of like
lunging into the air as he's
trying to catch the purple bird
which is also flying nearby.
Then we see the red hot air
balloon approaching the main
airship, the one with the paddle
structure below. And on that
ship we now see that the guard
with the horned helmet is on
that ship. And it looks like he
and his other guards
successfully caught the bird.
Because I think in the distance
we can kind of see the outline
of a golden bird cage and
inside of it is a purple bird
who has a really long purple
tail that's kind of coming out
the bottom of this cage.
Um.
The boy now has landed on top of
one of the rear platforms of the
ship and we see him sort of like
racing towards one of the open
doorways and one of the shafts
of the the ship. Up above, we
see that the two, these two
turrets, these two towers are
connected by a small footbridge
and that's where the bird in the
cage is being.
Carried by two guards in the
cage, sort of like in a like
they're holding a a rod.
And the cage is suspended from
that rod and the guard with the
horn helmet is holding the door
open for for the, you know, like
the guards with the bird to
proceed through the 2nd opening
and the next page, well there
was like some kind of, yeah. So
we see this pagoda structure,
you know, it's just it's very
fancy and it's bright golden.
The two guards are standing
watch over this bird, which is
now being kept in the middle of
this.
Pagoda was like.
Just has like a giant gold
dragon statue at the top of it.
In the next scene, the boy
snatches the cage and is
starting to run away as the two
guards look shocked to see that
this has happened. One of them
even loses hold of his spear
while the other one has his hand
up in a no stop halt gesture.
In the next scene we see that
the boy has run down to.
Part of the ship that juts out
from the rear, I believe. And
no, actually, maybe this is the
front of the ship.
Guards are chasing after him and
all he has done is open the cage
and allow the bird to escape.
The red crayon is nearby, so he
I don't think he's even holding
it at this point.
Now the guards have taken hold
of the boy who is reaching
desperately outwards because we
see that the guy with the horned
helmet has taken the red crayon
and has just dropped it off of
the side of the airship. So it
the red crayon is just now
falling towards the earth.
And in the next scene, we see
that the boy is now the one
who's trapped in a cage. He is
being hoisted down below the
back of rudder the the back.
The back of the ship.
You know, we we see a couple of
the guards that are using like a
winch system up above and the
boy.
In the cage is kind of like
looking down below, back down
towards the Earth.
Now we see just an image of the
cage itself, with the boy
jumping for joy as the purple
bird returns with the red crayon
in its beak.
And then in the next scene, told
in three scenes, we see the boy
using the red crayon down below
to draw first a single line,
then a right angle with another
line nearby. Then it looks like
he's completing a rectangle as
the bird watches on.
So now we see a bird's eye view
of the scene.
We see the the empty cage on the
left. We see the boy flying away
on a magic carpet or flying
carpet that he created with the
bird flying in front of him.
Down below, it looks like a sort
of a Middle Eastern town.
There's like, there's palm
trees, there's like a minaret
nearby, and we've got other
buildings, like one of them in
the background kind of looks
like a mosque.
With its own like minarets and
domed ceilings. I think down
below there's something that
represents a camel. But yeah,
everything has this kind of like
orange, hazy, warm quality to
it.
So now it's night time. The
scene is mostly told in sort of
Blues and purples, but so he's
leaving this Middle Eastern
village or city to the all we
see is it of it is like a a
tower, like a minaret to the
left. The boy is flying on the
magic carpet towards the
distance. The bird continues to
sort of lead the way and in the
background we see the start of a
mountain range.
All right, so the boy has
landed. There's pretty much
just, it's a very simple scene.
The flying carpet is on the
ground, the boy holds his red
crayon. At the base of a very
thin palm tree is a small purple
door, and the the bird waits on
a small rock nearby.
The next scene, told in three
parts, is the boy crouching
over, reaching towards the door
with his hand on the knob, and
then next we have him with the
door open.
And all we see from the other
side of the door is just white,
white light, I guess. The bird
starts to fly in the door, and
then finally in that last scene,
we see the boy crawling through
the doorway.
OK.
Next we're in the city. The
village again, so sepia tones.
The boy with the red crayon
crawls out of the front of the
mailbox, and the bird is flying
towards the open arms of the boy
with the purple crayon. So.
Seems like in the scene they
were reunited.
The next scene, told in three
parts, is the boy with the
purple Crayon, helping the boy
with the red Crayon stand up as
he looks on to you know, his
bird companion that he's holding
up with his other hand.
The boy with the red Crayon
draws a circle in the next
scene, and then finally the boy
with the purple Crayon also
draws a purple circle.
And then finally, we see the
boys complete their combined
work of this bicycle, which
they're now riding down the
street with the purple bird
following flying behind them.
#END_journey
I think you're trying to talk,
but you're muted.
We just have two.
Scenes and then one short story
left the short story like really
short, though I think it's like.
Like 5 slides like it's not like
this one was long.
OK, we'll see if we can do it in
20 minutes.
Should be able to.
So let me just pull up the next
short.
Vaccine, and it is.
OK, here's this team and I'm
going to just make it.
Bigger just like 3/3 to 4
minutes to describe it.
#START_exhibit_12 All right, so
the scene, which is like
primarily red for the walls in
this building, plus all of the
colors that are being used to
represent all the people in
here, represents a scene of the
interior of some kind of museum,
perhaps. The caption in the
upper left hand corner says
Exhibit 12, the Great Portrait
exhibit. So I think we're sort
of like in a a Portrait Gallery.
The scene takes place over. It
looks like 3 different.
Levels, so we've got like the
the the ground floor level and
then you can go up a stairway to
the second level, which kind of
has a balcony.
You know, where you can look
down to the main level and then
from the second level towards
the background you can see
there's yet another staircase
going up to yet another level.
And that's where a lot of
additional like portraits and
people are. So starting on the
ground level, there are so many
people just generally in this
scene that you cannot really
even see the floor. I mean, you
can see it here and there and
you can see that it's white.
But you know, just to give, you
know, just to give the
impression of, you know, exactly
how many people are here.
It's, um, it's a lot.
Uh, so there's.
Umm.
I'm just trying to get a sense
of like the kinds of people in
this scene. And so once again,
there really doesn't seem to be
an overall theme of how people
are dressed or or who they are.
There's no indication that
there's any kind of like rhyme
or reason to any of this. So
just to give an example, maybe 3
examples on each floor. All
right. So in the first floor,
there's a woman who's sitting
on, you know, like on a stool,
and she has a an easel and a
canvas in front of her and she
is actively painting something.
Meanwhile, there's somebody
who's drawing something on the
floor.
Um, but it's not just artists,
you know, there are other people
here as well. There's somebody
dressed like a medieval knight
with like a a hood covering his
head and he's holding some kind
of rod. I mean, whether it's a
weapon or not, it's actually
hard to say. Oh, actually, no.
OK. So I think he's on skis. So
he actually has something in
both hands and it looks like ski
poles, right. OK, towards the
background there's on this.
Same level. It appears like
there's some kind of like a
doorway. And there are guards,
you know, just trying their best
to hold back the crowds, you
know, it's hard to say exactly
what's happening, but they're
all crowded together, throwing
their arms up, and they're all
wearing blue with blue hats.
On the second level, there's
also a lot of activities going
on, but there are like alien
creatures, like green, you know,
they look like people, but
they're green with like.
Two toed feet and like no
clothes. And I think they have
antennas.
So there's a couple of those
guys around and then in the top
level, it's kind of like hard to
see each of these levels has red
walls with just.
Portraits of different things,
you know, one guy looks like a
Pilgrim, one, one is of a clown,
one is of a couple, one is
wearing a blue suit. So yeah,
just generally this is a gallery
picture with hundreds of people.
Crowded around and no real rhyme
or reason to like what's
happening. #END_exhibit_12 OK,
perfect.
See next I believe. Yep, it's
another short, but it's another
scene.
And then it's.
This one.
OK. And then you could start
when you're ready. I'm just
going to make sure, yeah.
OK.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
So this scene is distinguished
by like.
3-4 like 5 distinct areas of
stuff that's happening. The
caption or the like. The.
Yeah, that.
The description of this page is
up in the upper left and it
says.
Dinosaurs, spacemen and ghouls,
and it looks like, um, you know,
like a Clapper that they use for
the movie industry. So I think
that what we're looking at are
different stages on a sound
stage or like a.
You know, like different sets
that they would use for the
movie industry.
So I'll just kind of go through
each set. At the bottom, left
hand one looks like it is like a
green room or a ready room.
There's a three different booths
that you can go into and each
one has a star on the door. So
it's like this is where you
know, you know different people
who are starring in these
different things can go and get
ready in their own space.
There's also like mirrors with
lights.
Above it. And people kind of
like getting their hair done and
makeup done in this particular
area. In the bottom middle,
there seems to be a sort of like
haunted scene with like a tree
that looks like it has this
horrible, you know, like evil
face to it. There are some
Gothic windows, you know,
denoting some kind of like evil
looking building, you know, in
the background there's lightning
happening.
Nearby. And then in this set,
there's some monsters that we
see, you know, like a werewolf
and a mummy and a swamp thing
and lights and cameras
definitely shooting, you know,
throughout that whole scene.
In the bottom right hand area
there is. I think it's sort of
like an eating area. Like, I
don't think that this is a set.
I think that this might just be
the cafeteria for the sound
stage because there's no cameras
or lights or anything.
you know, filming in this area,
it's just a bunch of tables and
chairs and a cafeteria style
setup with a cash register on
one side. So it's just like a
lot of people getting food and
eating. In the back, the main
scene that takes up most of the
space in the middle is this kind
of like a space.
Space set. So it looks to be the
surface of some kind of planet.
There are green space guys all
around. A shuttle like a space
rocket or something had landed
upside down onto this, you know,
alien planet. And there are
human astronauts, kind of like
reaching out from the windows
and green spaceman and those
like classic.
Sci-fi disk spaceships floating
nearby.
And then in the left, there is a
sort of a volcano scene with
like just dozens of people
dressed up like cliched Cavemen,
you know, like with the togas,
except they're made with animal
hides. And in this scene there
are probably about 7 or so
different dinosaurs of various
colors. So it's caveman
interacting with dinosaurs in
that scene up and down the side
of this volcano.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Perfect. And now we have our
last.
Saying which is a short story.
I'm going to just pull it up
really quickly.
OK, this is a story with three
slides.
OK.
And I'll share it.
And I'll present. OK. So just
tell me when you want me to move
on from each slide, OK, sure.
Alright. #START_arrival_2 So
this first set of scenes is 12
small images. First we see sort
of like some people huddled
together, probably women, their,
their heads are covered in white
shawls and they're just kind of,
yeah, they're just sitting on a
bench huddle together. Next we
see three men also sitting on a
bench.
All just kind of like leaning
forward, their hands clasped
together. In the next scene we
see a woman holding a bundle.
It's likely a a a baby, like
maybe a child with a man in a
hat. Just kind of like in the
background of that scene.
Then we see the man with the
hat, who I think is the
protagonist of this story,
sitting on his suitcase, kind of
leaning forward with a journal
on his leg, and he's writing
something in it. The next scene
is a bit more of a close up of
him writing in the journal.
After that, the next scene is
him, I believe, tearing a page
out of that journal. Then after
that we see him folding that
piece of paper that he just tore
out.
After that, we see that he's
actually folding the page again,
or, you know, making it a little
bit more intricate. And then
after that we see that he's
holding a paper bird between
both of his hands.
In the final three small scenes,
first we see him like holding
the paper bird up to face height
so that he's just examining it,
I guess. Next he's looking
behind him over his shoulder
while still sitting on his
suitcase. And then next he is
standing up in front of his
suitcase. He's holding on to his
booklet, his journal, and in the
right hand I think he's still
holding the paper bird. That's
that's hard for me to see.
On my screen.
The next page is again three
small scenes with one larger
one. So the small scenes are him
just really kind of looking
around. First he is looking
behind him, then he's kind of
looking upwards a little bit.
Now he's really looking upwards
and shielding his eyes from the
sun using one of his hands.
And in the larger scene below
that is we're at the bow of the
ship and lots of people are up
there, you know, just.
You know, we see them, you know,
dressed for travel. You know, we
see many of them have like their
bags with them and they're all
looking upwards. And the reason
for that is there are just these
dozens of white flying creatures
that have, you know, are are
flying by in this giant flock.
And I think it's just everyone
is amazed to see these flying
creatures.
In the next scene we see still
the the bow of the boat with all
of the people on it reaching a
harbor. In the background we see
a cityscape like a.
Sort of a silhouetted cityscape
with many boats in the harbor
that they're approaching. And
most notably in this scene are
these two giant colossal statues
in the harbor itself. And like
these statues are of two people
and the the people are reaching
forward and shaking hands. So
like at the two statues kind of
create like this big sort of
arch. The the two people.
They're kind of dressed
differently. They're wearing two
different style hats, each one
of which you know each. Each one
of the people in these statues
is holding some kind of animal
companion. One has like a mouse
kangaroo on his arm, the other
one has a bird kind of creature
on his shoulder.
And in front of each statue is a
is a boat that they're both
standing on with different like
wares, you know, like different
possessions that they each have.
Now we see a sort of like
classic view of the front of
this ocean liner, kind of like
coming into coming into port
with all of the people still
standing on the bow of the ship.
Its
Its lines are now down, so like,
I think it's actually kind of
attached to possibly a tugboat
nearby. We get to see, you know,
like the silhouette of a buoy in
the foreground, but.
You know, in some foreboding
clouds in the background. So in
that scene the boat has just
come into harbor. Then the next
few scenes are told in small.
Small pictures for the first six
and then a slightly larger one
for the last one.
So what's happening in these
small pictures is the people on
the ship, we we see them just
kind of like looking and
waiting. Next we see a man in a
white uniform with a white tall
hat using a megaphone. So he's
like leaning forward and holding
the megaphone up to his mouth
with one hand, and he's
gesturing in a pointing gesture
with the other hand. Next we
see.
That hands are.
In this scene where this door,
this yeah, just kind of like
doorway is being unlatched.
So something is being opened up.
Next we see a hand on a
suitcase, so people are starting
to move. In the next two scenes,
we see people lining up all of
their possessions and hand. Now
they're like queuing up as
they're disembarking from the
ship. And then in the last
larger scene, we see all of
these, I guess, immigrants on
the dock of this area all kind
of like lined up their bags.
At their feet, you know, and
just kind of waiting.
#END_arrival_2
OK, perfect. Let me.